---
description: 'John F Howes CPA Tax & Business Services Skip to content HOME ABOUT » CLIENT SERVICES » ARTICLES » FINANCIAL TOOLS » REGISTER – LOGIN » CONTACT US »   Home Welc'
author: []
datePublished: '2016-02-25T17:18:41.324Z'
publisher:
  domain: www.cpajohn.com
  name: cpajohn.com
dateModified: '2016-02-25T17:15:07.407Z'
title: ''
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-25-john-f-howes-cpa-tax-and-business-services-skip-to-content-hom.md
published: true
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
url: john-f-howes-cpa-tax-and-business-services-skip-to-content-hom/index.html
_context: 'http://schema.org'
_type: Article

---
John F Howes CPA Tax & Business Services Skip to content HOME ABOUT » CLIENT SERVICES » ARTICLES » FINANCIAL TOOLS » REGISTER -- LOGIN » CONTACT US » Home Welcome to the website of John F. Howes, CPA. We are a full service tax preparation, planning and business services firm.  Please call or email about any questions that you have or needs that you want addressed. Be sure to check out our CpaJohnBlog here.  Our firm is accepting new clients. TAX PREPARATION, PLANNING AND BUSINESS SERVICES Providing you with competent, professional and timely services of value.  Tax preparation, planning and filing services for all entity types.  These include corporations, partnerships, sole proprietorships, limited liability companies, not-for-profit organizations, payroll services  and estates. Fully computerized income tax preparation and electronic filing services.  Accounting, computer and business advisory services.  Please go here for a complete listing of the firm's services.  If you are not living in the Vancouver/Portland area, our services are available to you.  We are licensed to provide tax services in all 50 states.  We have many clients that are out of the area.  Services are accomplished through email, chat, fax and/or US mail. PROFILE John F. Howes is a practicing Certified Public Accountant in Clark County, Washington with an extensive background in both personal and business taxation as well as business advisement services. He has many years of experience working for CPA firms and running his own firm. This experience includes tax consulting and return preparation for high, middle and low income individuals as well as providing accounting, taxation and computer consulting services for a wide range of business entities. Mr. Howes has been a principal of two CPA firms, was President/CEO for a retail chain for ten years, and also held a management position in internal audit for a major financial institution and controllership functions in private industry. Licensed by the Washington State Board of Accountancy (License number 24171) and formerly by the Florida State Board of Accountancy (License number 14677).  Registered electronic efiler with the Internal Revenue Service.  Internal Revenue Service Preparer Taxpayer Identification Number (PTIN) is P00963076 (this is required for all Federal tax return preparers).  Serves as treasurer/board member for several Washington State based organizations. Member of the Washington State Tax Consultants.  Former member of the Florida Institute of CPAs and American Institute of CPAs. FROM JOHN F. HOWES, CPA If you own a business... Besides owning and operating my accounting practices, I have owned several other successful businesses.  Besides analyzing the tax code and helping clients comply with all State and Federal regulations, much of my experience has been what all successful business owners do.  Set up and design computer operations for your business, create and implement marketing plans, hire (and fire) and supervise employees, make purchasing and inventory decisions, negotiate leases, purchase contracts, insurance, etc., etc., and all the other hats you must wear when owning and operating a business.  I have purchased and sold businesses and been hired by others to help them do the same.  I have arbitrated investor disputes for the NASD and taught tax courses at the college level.  When you choose me to be your tax and business adviser, you don't just get a person who fills out forms for a living, you get someone who has been through the ups and downs of business ownership.  Let me help you make well informed, good business decisions If you need personal tax assistance... I have 25 years of experience doing tax related work.  Some of those years also owned other businesses as well.  I have worked for large and small CPA firms, been a partner in a CPA firm and owned my own firm for the last 12 years.  Wide variety of people and businesses have used my services.  Wage earners, homeowners, salespeople, doctors, nurses, dentists, realtors, ma and pop stores, truckers, franchisees, teachers, retirees, CEOs, investors, landlords, non-resident aliens, people divorcing, estate beneficiaries, non-profits, you-name-it... have used and continue to use my services.  So I have experience with all kinds of tax issues and have found well-researched solutions to those issues.  I have also represented numerous people before the Internal Revenue Service (even representing a colleague, a local tax practitioner-CPA who was audited) and state taxing authorities. No matter who you are... Call or email me for a no-obligation meeting to discuss your needs.  Thank you. CONTACT INFORMATION Telephone 360-747-7829 (7tax) (voice mail) Fax 360-571-4135 (call first) Office address 13904 NE 72nd Avenue, Vancouver, WA, 98686 Email cpajohn@gmail.com Please contact us Name Email Telephone Please briefly describe services needed Send cforms contact form by delicious:days   Edit About Me SEARCH Search for: Search PREPARE YOUR OWN RETURN RANDOM LINKS Links randomly change each time cache is refreshed. Abnormal Returns (Investing) Business Know-How (Business advice) B & O Tax (pdf) (Authorities) Don't Mess with Taxes (Blogroll) Tax Publications - Washington Research Council (Tax info) Tax Blog - OregonLive.com (Blogroll) Moolanomy Answers (Personal Finance) Roth & Company, P.C. Tax Update Blog (Blogroll) Tax Rates and Other Data (Tax info) CPAJohn Weekly 2/24/2016 Business eitcoutreach.org - Tax Filing | Get It Back: Tax Credits for People Who Work Center on Budget Today's content Business150 Politics33 Technology18 Entertainment15 Leisure11 Education8 Read it now! Updated daily by ARTICLES BY TOPIC Articles by Topic RECENT ARTICLES Self-employment tax is not always inevitable S Corp Owners Salaries and Avoiding IRS Recharacterization Will That Metal and Plastic Make you Happier? Really? Experience Matters Capital One Purchase of Ing Direct -- Buyer Beware RECENT COMMENTS Quickbooks Tune up Bellevue on Social Security Recipients to Receive 2009 $250 Stimulus Payment Janet on Social Security Recipients to Receive 2009 $250 Stimulus Payment BMW Logo and History « Jaggi on Will That Metal and Plastic Make you Happier? Really? Amanda on The hardest thing 2 understand... Isaias Kihlstrom on Hiring Your Spouse & the Shellito Case TAX ARTICLES -- NY TIMES Life Insurance Buyer's Guide: What Type, How Much and Who Will Benefit Financial Guidance for Widows Struggling Through Grief's Fog Be Cautious When Choosing a Tax Preparer HSBC to Keep Headquarters in London Instead of Hong Kong Corporate Inversions Aren't the Half of It COLUMBIAN BUSINESS NEWS Verizon to buy XO's fiber-optic unit from Icahn for $1.8 billion Court upholds limit on tip sharing Stocks manage modest gains after erasing an early loss IMF: Global economy is highly vulnerable Facebook officially expands beyond the 'Like' TAXGIRL Understanding Your Tax Forms 2016 Understanding Your Tax Forms 2016: 1099-K, Payment Card and Third Party Network Transactions Can You Be Arrested For Not Paying Your Student Loans? Presidential Campaign Spending & That Checkbox On Your Tax Return Fraud Allegations At Liberty Tax Franchises Raise Questions BUSINESS JOURNAL ARTICLES Why the utilities want to eliminate coal and double renewables in Oregon Vigor Industrial's Frank Foti on salmon, the environment and his company's genetics Ruling is a big blow to proposed apartment tower on Seattle's waterfront The world's two largest aerospace defense business are now run by women Liens and Bankruptcies Leads - Collected week of February 19, 2016 DON'T MESS WITH TAXES Taxes always at hand thanks to tablet, phone apps Trump 'looking at' releasing his tax returns ... eventually 9 states considering gasoline tax hikes Driving down your tax bill with auto-related deductions Working girls turn to technology for tax help Nevada legal brothel workers throw their support to Hillary Clinton MARKET WATCH -- TOP STORIES Asia Markets: China stocks plunge 6.4% on worries about market liquidity London Markets: FTSE 100 leaps in broad-based rally powered by Lloyds, BT Group Market Extra: The pound hits a 7-year low --- and there's no revival in sight The Tell: Why U.S. investors should fear a 'Brexit' The Tell: Citi slashes stance on miners after strong 2016 rebound BUSINESS NEWSLETTER Which Social Media Site Is Best for Your Business? Boost Your Facebook Reach and Engagement-10 Proven Tactics 32 Low-Cost Ways To Promote Your Business Differentiate Your Customer Service with These 10 Tips 8 Easy Ways to Show Customers You Care SEEKING ALPHA AMP (And Google's News Carousel) Speed Out Of Beta Triumph Bancorp Cheap, But Not Risk-Free Near Tangible Book Why I Don't Have Nightmares Over Disappearing Dividend Aristocrats Forget The Yuan - The Devaluation Of The British Pound Is Breathtaking Higher-Quality BDCs: TPG Specialty Lending Proudly powered by WordPress. Theme: Coraline by WordPress.com.